>> Bianca Gandolfo: Let's talk about
time complexity super quick, insert.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: You guys remember
how you implemented your insert?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What do you think,
do you have it open?
You can look at the solutions,
they're there.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Wild guess?
Someone who's quiet.
How about, I feel like this area,
you guys are really either focused or
really not focused.
Just take a stab, what do you think?
We need to add a node into our tree.
>> Speaker 2: If we're adding a node
to an array that contains children,
it'd be in a constant time.
We're just adding it to the end.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm, yeah,
if you add it to the end, for sure.
If you have reference to that node, right?
So if we wanted to give 2 a child,
2 has an array of
children that are empty
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
it would just be like,
children.push, right, easy.
If we don't have a reference to 2,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: How
does that change things?
>> Speaker 2: We'll
have to traverse to it.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: So it's at least linear.
For some reason, I wanna say log,
but I don't know why.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So-
>> Speaker 3: You don't have to traverse
all the trees, so it's not gonna just
necessarily go into at least linear.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Right, but
we have to think worst case scenario.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: We have to be like,
okay, what if it's in
the farthest reaches of our tree,
then we'd have to say linear, yeah.
So it's linear if you had to look for
it, right?
Cuz traversing is linear.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Counting
the recommendations?
>> Speaker 3: You'd have
to touch everything again.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, linear.